The case of physical education in universities is quite relevant, and people are opinionated, so it’s only natural that they have more than one stance toward the argument. Many people say that doing exercise is very important for students, that's why they generally support universities requiring students to take physical education classes. While others believe they don’t have to take such classes because it poses an additional challenge for students. In this essay, we will discuss both points of view in detail.
 On the one hand, supporters of physical education classes insist that students have to take these classes. Firstly, by the fact that it improves their potential and improves efficiency in the long run. In addition, physical education has shown a good result in motivating students and making them lively. Next, many people believe that physical education classes can help students building their self-esteem and self-acceptance, which makes them more socially active, which allows them to make better relationships and friendships.
 
  On the other hand, many people claim that physical education should not be required for students to take. First of all, they believe that these classes may not be suit all students, some students don’t like to do physical exercises in front of others, and that they can decide when and where to exercise if they want to. Next, lots of students complain that they don’t have enough time to waste on this type of class; and that they are capable of using their time on other vital things, such as studying for their major subjects. In the end, these classes might lead to additional charges from the student, which can make them dissatisfied with it.
 
  In conclusion, some students would like to take physical education classes and enjoy them, others might not find it a good idea and think that they can take advantage of their time in more efficient ways. In my opinion, universities should give the students the option of whether they want to take physical education classes or not.